Add alerting section in Error Tracking (#8644)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/error_tracking/explorer.md

- Information about the RUM session in which the error occurred if actually collected by the RUM SDK.
- Information about the user, such as their browser or their OS with the related versions that were used when the error occurred.

## Get alerted on new errors

> It's critical to see a new issue as soon as it happens, because it gives you the chance to proactively identify and fix it before it becomes critical. Error Tracking generates a [Datadog event][1] whenever an issue is first seen in a given service and environment and, as a result, gives you the ability to be alerted in such cases by configuring [Event Monitors][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seeing a new issue as soon as it happens gives you the chance to proactively identify and fix it before it becomes critical. Error Tracking generates a [Datadog event][1] whenever an issue is first seen in a given service and environment and, as a result, gives you the ability to be alerted in such cases by configuring [Event Monitors][2].
```

> Each event generated is tagged with the version, the service and the environment so that you have a fine-grained control over issues you want to be alerted for. You can directly export your search query from the explorer to create an event monitor on the related scope:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each event generated is tagged with the version, the service, and the environment so that you have a fine-grained control over issues you want to be alerted for. You can directly export your search query from the explorer to create an event monitor on the related scope:
```
